dbpedia-owl:MusicalArtist Elvis_Presley
dbpedia-owl:MusicalArtist Bob_Dylan
dbpedia-owl:MusicalArtist Michael_Jackson
dbpedia-owl:MusicalArtist Paul_McCartney
dbpedia-owl:MusicalArtist John_Lennon
dbpedia-owl:MusicalArtist Frank_Sinatra
dbpedia-owl:MusicalArtist Elton_John
dbpedia-owl:MusicalArtist David_Bowie
dbpedia-owl:MusicalArtist Stevie_Wonder
dbpedia-owl:MusicalArtist Britney_Spears
dbpedia-owl:MusicalArtist Jimi_Hendrix
dbpedia-owl:MusicalArtist Jay-Z     
dbpedia-owl:MusicalArtist Snoop_Dogg
dbpedia-owl:MusicalArtist Johnny_Cash
dbpedia-owl:MusicalArtist Bruce_Springsteen
dbpedia-owl:MusicalArtist Duke_Ellington   
dbpedia-owl:MusicalArtist Eminem           
dbpedia-owl:MusicalArtist Kanye_West       
dbpedia-owl:MusicalArtist Eric_Clapton     
dbpedia-owl:MusicalArtist Mariah_Carey     
dbpedia-owl:MusicalArtist Celine_Dion      
dbpedia-owl:MusicalArtist Willie_Nelson    
dbpedia-owl:MusicalArtist Ray_Charles  
dbpedia-owl:MusicalArtist Lady_Gaga    
dbpedia-owl:MusicalArtist Rihanna      
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer David_Beckham
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Pel%C3%A9
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Thierry_Henry
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Cristiano_Ronaldo
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Wayne_Rooney
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Ronaldo
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Zinedine_Zidane
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Michael_Owen
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Ronaldinho
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Steven_Gerrard
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Frank_Lampard 
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Ryan_Giggs                 
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer George_Best                
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Lionel_Messi               
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Ruud_van_Nistelrooy        
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Didier_Drogba              
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Andriy_Shevchenko          
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Kak%C3%A1                  
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Gary_Lineker               
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Alessandro_Del_Piero       
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Landon_Donovan             
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Zlatan_Ibrahimovi%C4%87    
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Paul_Scholes               
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Lu%C3%ADs_Figo             
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer John_Terry                 
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Carlos_T%C3%A9vez          
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Hern%C3%A1n_Crespo         
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Robbie_Keane               
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Rio_Ferdinand              
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Fernando_Torres            
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Patrick_Vieira             
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Francesco_Totti            
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Cesc_F%C3%A0bregas         
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Roberto_Baggio             
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Rivaldo                    
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Teddy_Sheringham           
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer David_Villa                
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Michael_Ballack            
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Paolo_Maldini              
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Andrew_Cole                
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Peter_Crouch               
dbpedia-owl:SoccerPlayer Gabriel_Batistuta
dbpedia-owl:Politician Adolf_Hitler                         
dbpedia-owl:Politician John_McCain                          
dbpedia-owl:Politician Benito_Mussolini                     
dbpedia-owl:Politician John_Kerry                           
dbpedia-owl:Politician Benjamin_Franklin                    
dbpedia-owl:Politician Mikhail_Gorbachev                    
dbpedia-owl:Politician Chiang_Kai-shek                      
dbpedia-owl:Politician David_Lloyd_George                   
dbpedia-owl:Politician Josip_Broz_Tito                      
dbpedia-owl:Politician Ralph_Nader                          
dbpedia-owl:Politician Brian_Mulroney                       
dbpedia-owl:Politician Joseph_Goebbels                      
dbpedia-owl:Politician Benjamin_Disraeli                    
dbpedia-owl:Politician Boris_Yeltsin                        
dbpedia-owl:Politician Ruhollah_Khomeini                    
dbpedia-owl:Politician Yasser_Arafat                        
dbpedia-owl:Politician Sun_Yat-sen                          
dbpedia-owl:Politician Paul_Martin                          
dbpedia-owl:Politician Slobodan_Milo%C5%A1evi%C4%87         
dbpedia-owl:Politician John_A._Macdonald                    
dbpedia-owl:Politician Bob_Dole                             
